Add minimal issue templates (#91569)
python/cpython: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/crash.md

---
name: Crash report
about: A hard crash of the interpreter, possibly with a core dump
labels: "type-crash"
---

<!--

>   Do not submit this form if you encounter an exception being unexpectedly raised from a Python function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use this template for hard crashes of the interpreter, segmentation faults, failed C-level assertions, and similar.
  Do not submit this form if you encounter an exception being unexpectedly raised from a Python function.
```

  Most of the time, these should be filed as bugs, rather than crashes.

  The CPython interpreter is itself written in a different programming language, C.
  For CPython, a "crash" is when Python itself fails, leading to a traceback in the C stack.
-->

**Crash report**

Tell us what happened, ideally including a minimal, reproducible example (https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example).

> **Traceback**
> 
> Enter the full traceback caused by the crash, if there is one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Error messages**

Enter any relevant error message caused by the crash, including a core dump if there is one.
```

---

> name: Crash Report

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
name: Crash report
```

about: A hard crash of the interpreter, possibly with a core dump
labels: "type-crash"
---

<!--

>   Please do not submit this form if you encounter an exception being unexectedly raised from a Python function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Do not submit this form if you encounter an exception being unexpectedly raised from a Python function.
```

Author: Ubexectedpldfy

  Most of the time, these should be filed as bugs, rather than crashes.

  The CPython interpreter is itself written in a different programming language, C.
  For CPython, a "crash" is when Python itself fails, leading to a traceback in the C stack.
-->

> **Crash Report**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Crash report**
```

Tell us what happened, ideally including a minimal, reproducible example (https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example).

**Traceback**

> Enter the full traceback caused by the crash.

Reviewer: If it's a hard crash, there might not be a traceback.

> **Your Environment**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Your environment**
```

<!-- Include as many relevant details as possible about the environment you experienced the bug in -->

- CPython versions tested on:
- Operating system and version:

<!--

> You can freely edit this text, please remove all the lines

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can freely edit this text, remove all the lines
```

Author: ```suggestion
You can freely edit this text. Remove any lines
```
